hello this is chef john from food wishes
calm with cheater perot e that's right i
was sitting around thinking how can I
make my polish grandmother roll over in
her grave and then it came to me make
this recipe so while this is far from
authentic it is very pierogi like and
very tasty so here's how you make it so
we're going to boil some potatoes for
the filling I have some Yukon Gold of
course i salted the water we're going to
cook those in till completely tender and
while we're waiting we're going to take
our cheese out of the fridge that is
farmer's cheese read about that on the
blog post for me it's kind of a cross
between like cream cheese and ricotta
cheese but very delicious stuff once the
potatoes are cooked you have to drain
them extremely well you don't want water
in this and then we're going to mash
those while they're hot and they really
should cool down to just warm before we
add the rest of the ingredients so smash
them and let them sit there for about
ten minutes to cool down while you're
waiting you can season them with some
salt some pepper some that's right
Cayenne a little bit did my grandmother
use cayenne I highly doubt it
alright so ten or fifteen minutes later
the potatoes should be just warm I'm
going to throw in a whole egg and
myfarmers cheese and once that's mashed
together you are done
and by the way Pro you can have a
million kinds of fillings this just
happens to be my favorite but what I'm
showing you here today will work with
almost any filling alright so once your
cheese is mixed in and your fillings
made I'm going to go ahead and wrap that
up and refrigerate it I find it easier
to work with cold but you don't have to
you can actually start folding your
pierogies right now if you want alright
so the filling is done and chilling
until needed that wasn't really the
cheater part of this recipe that filling
is actually fairly legit here is the
cheating part that's right we're using
round wonton skins for our pierogi dough
wonton skins are nothing more than
perfectly round perfectly even pieces of
pasta it's incredibly fast and easy and
again this is a cheater recipe so relax
alright so we have our wonton skins I'm
also going to need a little bit of an
egg wash which is just a beaten egg with
like a tablespoon of water you're going
to want to lightly flour your surface
I'm going to take a pastry brush or a
finger tip I'm a fingertip guy
go around the outside around the outside
around the outside to moisten with the
egg wash so the dough seals properly
once it's been a gouache around the
outside it's time to place down your
filling
all right I'm using a little sorbet
scoop it's about 2 teaspoons or so and
then just simply press the edges
together to seal if you want to go and
do the little fancy crinkle fold go
ahead I don't bother because once these
are cooked as you'll see they look great
so I'm just simply folding it over
pressing and that is it seriously it's
that easy
alright so you're going to want to egg
wash fill in fold a whole bunch of those
as many as you want to eat would be my
advice and then to finish these are
simply boiled for 2 minutes in boiling
salted water and then they could be
finished in any number of ways you can
cook them in a little bit of butter
that's probably my favorite way or is
I'm going to show you now in bacon and
onions which takes it up a notch alright
so let's get in the time machine and go
back about 20 minutes I took some bacon
and some onions and a little bit of
butter that's right we're cooking bacon
in butter I'm using medium heat and I'm
going to cook the onions and the bacon
together and the bacon fats going to
render and it's going to brown the
onions beautifully and when your Bacon's
as crisp as you want and your onions are
nice and caramelized I'm going to push
those off to one side and I'm going to
evaluate how much fat I have because you
need a couple tablespoons to fry these
program so right here I think I have
just about the right amount of course if
it's too much you use the old paper
towel trick and soaks them up and if it
looks like you need more throw in
another little chunk of butter
nobody's looking all right I'm ready to
place in my just boil pierogi and of
course you're doing both these things
simultaneously you have your pan of
fixins next to the boiling pot so when
your probes are done you're transferring
them right into the frying pan it's a
perfect system I'm going to brown those
lightly for a minute or two on each side
I'm going to toss it with the bacon and
onions and that is one of the world's
great comfort foods of all time alright
you don't have to go crazy with the
portion sizes 4 or 5 is plenty so I'm
gonna place those on a plate a nice
dollop of sour cream very traditional
you can top that with some fresh dill or
fresh chive and that's it totally fit
make way way way way faster and easier
pierogi and talk about a textural tangle
in your mouth you got that crispy
buttery crust and inside you have that
soft luscious potato farmer cheese
mixture just magnificent anyway there
you go cheater pierogi sorry grandma
but I had to do it one of these days
I'll make the dough from scratch it is
better but having said that these were
super delicious and something I hope you
try especially if you've never had pro-v
before consider this like training
pierogi so I hope you check these out
head over to food wishes comm for all
the ingredient amounts and more info as
usual and as always enjoy